17 feature add the ability to store state (#28)
NickoOwen/bananabot: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

#### Added

> - Ability to change set the password via the administrator interface

Author: ```suggestion
- The ability to set the password via the administrator interface
```

> - A cool animation on the BananaBot home page when it reaches BananaTime

Author: ```suggestion
- A cool animation on the BananaBot home page when it reaches banana time
```
